[RUN-3889] Changes for BatchSize config for clean up actions (10.9.0) (#7345)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/resources/task-queue.md

| Configuration option                       | Example value | Explanation                                                                             |
|--------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `TaskQueue.ShutdownGracePeriod`            |          10000| Time in ms to wait for task to finish when shutting down.                               |
| `com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupAge` |       86400000| Time in ms after which `ProcessedQueueTask` are deleted automatically (by default this is 365 days for projects migrated from Mendix 9 and 7 days for new projects or projects with an empty database.). |

> | `com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize` |       10000| Specifies how many System.<wbr>ProcessedQueueTask rows will be removed from the database each time the ProcessedTask cleanup action runs. <b/>*This setting was introduced in Mendix 10.6.5 and 10.9.0* |

Reviewer: > This setting was introduced in Mendix 10.6.5 and 10.9.0

Will this be conflicting with the text in 9.24.17 docs ??

Author: That's another file `content/en/docs/refguide9/modeling/resources/task-queue.md` (note `refguide9`). This file is just for Mx 10.

Author: How wait, I misunderstood you. Yes that conflicts a bit. But this doc does not mention that `ProcessedTasksCleanupAge` is introduced in 9.9.0, so I wonder if that's okay, or is it an oversight?

Author: Maybe a question for the docs team. Should 9.24.17 be mentioned here or only in `refguide9`?

Reviewer: dunno 🤷🏻‍♂️

I found it a little confusing. Let's see what the docs team think

Reviewer 2: We should only mention Mendix 10 here as this is the Mendix 10 documentation.
This backporting and missing versions is very difficult to document and confusing. So I'll update the description a bit.
Basically customers can get it in 10.6.5, but not 10.7.x or 10.8.x, but they will get it in 10.9.x.
Is there a reason all these changes need to be backported? Surely it should only be security and bug fixes which go into 10.6 - new features should only start in the version they are being introduced.

Author: No, there's no good reason. It was a decision on my part to backport this because customers often have issues with these big tables, and I think this new configuration will assist them in handling these issues.

Reviewer 2: @atennapel 
Hi Albert, 
Given the potential for confusion over which versions these changes are in, would it be better to reverse the backported changes in 10.6.5 and just go for 10.9?
Customers can then decide whether they need the feature now and move to 10.9 and accept that they need to upgrade every month or miss out on the security/bugfix backports to 10.6 MTS. Or they can stick with 10.6 and just move to the next MTS when we release 10.12.

Would that be possible, or is the code frozen now?

Reviewer 2: Agreed to update the documentation just for 10.9, to avoid confusion.

The execution of a task produces a `System.ProcessedQueueTask` row in the database. Over time these accumulate and the table can grow large.

> The `System.ProcessedQueueTask` can be cleaned up automatically by specifying the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupAge`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupAge) runtime setting. This setting specifies (in milliseconds) how old rows in the table have to be before they are automatically cleaned up. Only rows with the "Completed" status are cleaned up.  The cleanup action will be run every [`ClusterManagerActionInterval`](/refguide/custom-settings/#general), and does not produce any log messages. The cleanup action will remove 10000 rows each time it runs. In Mendix 10.9.0 and later and 10.6.5 and later this can be configured with the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize) runtime setting.

Reviewer: Can this be rephrased a little ? 
```suggestion
The `System.ProcessedQueueTask` can be cleaned up automatically by specifying the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupAge`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupAge) runtime setting. This setting specifies (in milliseconds) how old rows in the table have to be before they are automatically cleaned up. Only rows with the "Completed" status are cleaned up.  The cleanup action will be run every [`ClusterManagerActionInterval`](/refguide/custom-settings/#general), and does not produce any log messages. The cleanup action will remove 10000 rows each time it runs. In versions after `10.6.5`, this can be configured with the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize) runtime setting.
```

Please feel free to edit further else resolve this comment.

Author: I was very unsure about this part yes. I did not want to give readers the idea that 10.7.x or 10.8.x have this configuration. It's just 10.9.x+ and 10.6.x (where x >= 5). That's why I phrased it like that. Maybe someone from the docs team knows a better way to get this information across?

Reviewer: ahh.. makes sense.

>10.9.x+ and 10.6.x

This was my first thought as well. But I forgot that it is not in v10.7
Then it can also be...
```suggestion
The `System.ProcessedQueueTask` can be cleaned up automatically by specifying the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupAge`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupAge) runtime setting. This setting specifies (in milliseconds) how old rows in the table have to be before they are automatically cleaned up. Only rows with the "Completed" status are cleaned up.  The cleanup action will be run every [`ClusterManagerActionInterval`](/refguide/custom-settings/#general), and does not produce any log messages. The cleanup action will remove 10000 rows each time it runs. In Mendix 10.9.0+ and later and 10.6.5+, this can be configured with the [`com.mendix.core.ProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize`](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixcoreProcessedTasksCleanupBatchSize) runtime setting.
```

Author: Yes that's better, thanks I will accept this suggestion.
